#summary Checklist for promoting a source code release.

= Introduction =

This note will provide a series of steps to promote a source code-base
from a development branch to the develop branch, from develop to current,
from current to release, and finally from release to trunk (master).

= Top Level Branches =

== develop ==

The `develop` branch is the active branch shared by
the entire development team. 
The bulk of active development takes place in issue
branches from this branch.
Development branches are named starting with `dev+`... ,
for example `SVN/branches/dev+IB0019-NumUno` 
is a branch from `develop` to implement Issue #19
with a short decription of the issue "Console Numero Uno".

It is expcted that updates to the shared `develop` branch
will be merged into longer issue branches and therefor 
merged back into `develop` periodically (weekly)
while recognizing that merges into develop must
rebuild without incident and pass basic unit 
and acceptance tests.

Changes that occur directly in develop branch 
also must pass develop-level testing 
and are generaly considered minor in nature, such as:
  * updates to internal doxygen documentation
  * cosmetic changes to source code structure or string coonstants
  * low risk quick fixes while reintegrating multiple developmental branches

== current ==

...

== release ==

...

== trunk ==

...

= Steps =

...

== To develop ==

   # For each active development branch (or a specific if desired):

     # SVN switch to the development branch, ensure it compiles and tests at the start in release mode.

    # SVN merge develop into the development branch

    # Attempt to edit all conflicts to resolve them

    # Make develop+branch rebuild compile and test correctly.


 # SVN merge develop into branch. Test. Fix.

 # SVN merge the branch into develop branch. [Note: Do not commit at this point.]

  * If the merge, compile, or test errors become too difficult SVN revert back to the current develop branch.

[Note: If at this point you are reverting more than committing, 
consider abandoning this release.]
 
 # SVN commit the develop changes from this branch.